What is Xelabot?
	- Xelabot is a game in the form of a Twitch bot! Viewers band together to tackle quests
	that force them to either work together or destroy each other.
	
How do I get it?
	- Download and run: https://dl.dropboxusercontent.com/u/90882877/Xelabot/xelabot.exe
	- Make a Twitch account for your bot
	- Generate an oauth token while logged in as your bot here: https://twitchapps.com/tmi/
	- Supply required data to the generated settings.txt file and run the executable again!
		
Viewer Chat Commands:
	!quest
		Starts or joins a quest if in party forming stage (!queston must be enabled)
	!requestjoin
		Asks the bot to join your channel (if broadcaster enables the setting)
	!requestleave
		Asks the bot to leave your channel (if broadcaster enables the setting)
	
Viewer Whisper Commands:
	!xelabot
		Whispers you a link to this FAQ
	!stats
		Whispers you your vital stats
	!prestige
		At level cap, resets your level and a large sum of gold to increase prestige level and bonuses

Mod Chat Commands
	!queston
		Enables questing
	!questoff
		Disables questing
	!questcooldown [seconds]
		Sets the cooldown for quests to the given number of seconds


FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS
	Can my gold go negative?
		Nope, no it can't!
	What is prestige?
		Each prestige level increases gold accumulation by 5%, other uses may be incoming.
	Are my stats channel-specific?
		Stats are saved across channels for the same bot. Across different bots no.
	What's the difference between the same bot in two channels and two different bots?
		The same bot in two channels is hosted by the same broadcaster, and thus stats are shared
		across the channels. Two different bots keep stats for players separately.
	Is the quest cooldown per person or per channel?
		The quest cooldown timer is per channel.
	I tried what you said but it still doesn't work!
		Feel free to message me, I'll be happy to help!


If you have any feedback or questions, feel free to whisper or DM me, Xelaadryth!
http://www.twitch.tv/xelaadryth
https://www.twitter.com/xelaadryth